we're wrapping up week 7 of the na LCS
I'm joined right now by licorice from
cloud 9 with coverage presented by Omni
slash talked a little bit about how
things have been going for cloud 9 so
let's get the tough stuff out of the way
first you guys lost yesterday to CLG who
some we're arguing worst team in the
league but then you won today so we'll
talk about that but first let's talk
about the CLG thing what what went wrong
in that match um I think it was just
that like based on the way the scrims
went we tunneled so hard on just like
you get barren you get banner of command
and you just end the game yeah and that
as soon as it wasn't working that way on
stage against CLG we kind of got
flustered and just like didn't really
like change our game plan at all we just
kept trying to brute force the same way
and it just like wasn't gonna work
against their team comp yeah I mean we
went over the game we reviewed it I
don't think that will happen again
so I'm not too worried about it like
obviously it sucks to lose especially
when you're up that much gold but I
don't really see it as a problem one of
those best of one situations I guess
where a new patch hits and then you know
game doesn't go how you expected it's
hard to kind of recover uh yeah yeah
yeah it's interesting you brought this
episode this week and I've been kind of
trying to ask a lot of the different
players what effects they think that the
patch had because it's kind of like this
patch hit and then we start like you
guys lost echo fox losses sort of like
how much does a patch affecting jar doc
was telling me he doesn't think it's
that big of a deal because much most of
the game has stayed the same especially
the early game a couple changes here
there do you feel like it's had a big
effect for you guys especially since you
said it was kind of a distraction
yesterday uh like I don't think the
patch itself like changed the game in a
huge way it's just if you focus too hard
on like specific things they got changed
then you can kind of just like mess
yourself up in game and like that's
something to look out for for sure
but I don't think the game itself
changed that much so let's talk a little
bit about this game against the golden
Guardians what do you what do one how do
you feel about them because I feel like
they're a rising topic of conversation
as they continue to do unexpected stuff
like beating echo fox but yeah how do
you feel
after playing with them um they seemed
pretty good contracts got a lot going in
the early game and they weren't really
able to capitalize on it but like they
had a good early lead and bought in the
bot side and they got like a lot of
dragons with it they just weren't able
to turn it into like a real advantage so
I think they could actually look pretty
strong what was it like facing off
against Lolo um I mean it's Malachi
Briscoe guys like battle of the century
I got the banner first so I pushed him
with my banner like I can't really say
too much about that this is that top
playing life I guess yeah now how how
confident are you in cloud nines
position right now because it does feel
like we're starting to see some of the
other teams start to rise up a little
bit you guys you and echo Fox who I
think both people felt really solidly
about first and second place you guys
have lost some games unexpectedly
recently so how do you feel about sort
of cloud nines position at this point in
the split I think we're doing fine
I mean us and echo Fox I think I saw
earlier on the stream that were the only
teams left for playoffs right now so I
mean we're both still doing well in the
standings I think we are up two games
from the third-place team so we have a
bit of a cushion I don't I'm not too
worried about like our standings going
into playoffs or whatever I think we're
all trying to like start focusing on
playoffs more as well and like while
we've been dropping games I think like
all our problems at least on cloud nine
or like fixable for the most part so I
don't really see us having very many
issues do you think and I hate to use
this cliche but do you think the gap is
closing because again like you guys
might feel still really confident on the
other hand you know it does seem as
though across the 10 teams like we're
starting to see everything feel a little
bit more competitive a little closer
maybe I'm not too sure like it might
just be like a best-of one thing where
like some teams are just like winning
games so there's a lot of upsets
happening like especially in the last
two weeks I think right
but mmm I'm not sure that's a tough one
and
I think the last time I interviewed you
is definitely towards the beginning
let's play it you were still kind of
getting your feet underneath you at the
time I'm kind of curious how you feel
now that you are like the majority of
the split is over you've been playing
for many weeks now I'm sure this has
gotten comfortable for you how how do
you feel about your situation and sort
of your performance and your place among
the different top laners in the NA LCS
um I'm pretty confident I'm definitely
looking forward to the rematch with
hooni maybe I'll play something a little
more standard this time and see how that
goes for me but I'm definitely looking
forward to that with everyone else I
don't think there's really been any top
laners that I've really struggled
against so I feel pretty good about like
how I'm doing and everything I think
another big thing is just like to get me
to play more tanks as well because I
don't want to be like while being a
carry only player would be fun and no
one really wants to play maokai at the
end of the day like a lot of the time it
is the best pick so we definitely want
to be able to pull that out if it's if
it's like what the team needs so just
like getting like a more balanced kind
of play style would be good but apart
from that I think I've been doing pretty
well I feel like this is the constant
top lane or struggle of like I guess I
can play more tanks if my team really
needs me to I mean do you do you have a
regret pick picking top lane for that
reason cuz it again like I hear so many
top laner struggle with this um it's I
mean it's something that happens it kind
of happens in every role to where like
like Smoothie hates Brom but like a lot
of the time it's just like yeah brahms
really good here so you know suck it up
you're playing you're playing brawl in
this game or like for mid lane like
sometimes there's like the Gallio I
don't think most mid laners have that
much fun playing yo-yo so I mean every
role kind of has it I guess ad carry
would be like the one exception but no
I'm actually really happy that I play
top lane
do you wish or do you think that the
games should allow for different players
to sort of not be forced into roles that
they don't want to play or sort of
situations like just kind of high-level
philosophically League of Legends I mean
if you really want to avoid
a certain place style you can as a team
it's just that it might not always be
the most optimal thing to do like if the
patch if like if hatch comes out that
swings are really hard into like a tank
meta and you're a carry only player like
you could still make like like a fiora
or a cloud or something work into tanks
and you can play the game but like it
might just not be the best way to play
it yeah that's too bad
is there anything you want to say to any
other fans thanks for your support
hope you keep cheering for me thank you
so much licorice for the interview for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel yes
Peter yes the money's in your account I
know yes the whole 20k yes where I
realize yeah
okay I'll talk listen I need you to
subscribe to this YouTube channel costs
of production are going up dramatically
I I can't get into specifics because I'm
down under an NDA that a pro player made
me sign but the costs are pretty high so
thank you so much to Omni slash for
making this happen and please subscribe
because it's it's getting tough